SO-8612 IRONdb 1.5.1 release notes (#19)
logiqai/docs: irondb/release-notes.md

# Release Notes

## Changes in 1.5.1

2025-06-17

 * Additional `message` field added to `/find/tags` estimates for enhanced
   clarity.
 * Implemented improvements to reconstitute performance.

>  * Fix bug where the first data point for an NNTBS metric for a rollup could be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Fixed a bug where the first data point for an NNTBS metric for a rollup could be
```

Author: It looks like we typically use present tense, based on past notes. I'll ensure all entries fit this.

   written with the wrong timestamp during a reconstitute.
 * Add new iterate style, `seek`, for sending data during reconstitute. This
   mode seeks to specific metrics rather than iterating the whole shard during
   the sending phase. This can be set via the
   `reconstitute/nntbs@iterate_surrogates_for_send_style` field - `iterate` is

>    the old style and `seek` is the new style. The default value if unspecified
>    is `iterate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the old style and `seek` is the new style. The default value is `iterate`.
```

 * Remove the `jindexer` subscriber when the `use_indexer` field is disabled
   for journals, which will prevent unnecessary journal data retention.
 * Improve handling when mmap operations fail loading surrogate database or
   indexing files.

>  * Fixed issue where we were only setting the `X-Snowth-Incomplete-Results`
>    header on deletes when it was true. We now send back a header with the value
>    set to `false` when the results are complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * On delete responses `X-Snowth-Incomplete-Results` header is now always returned.
```
